# Speech-to-speech_Translator
This project is a voice-based translator that uses speech recognition, text translation, and text-to-speech (TTS) to translate spoken English into Hindi. The system is designed to interact with the user, recognize their spoken words, translate them into a single language u want using different Language code, and then speak the translated text aloud.

# *Features*
**Speech Recognition**: Captures and processes spoken language using a microphone.
**Translation**: Translates recognized English text into any language u want using GoogleTranslator.
**Text-to-Speech**: Converts the translated text into speech and plays it back to the user.

# *Technologies Used*
**Python**: The main programming language used for the project.
**Pyttsx3**: A text-to-speech conversion library in Python.
**Deep Translator**: Used for translating text between languages.
**SpeechRecognition**: A library for recognizing speech and converting it into text.
**gTTS**: Google Text-to-Speech, used for converting text into speech.
**Pygame**: Used to play back the audio file generated by gTTS.
**SAPI5**: Windows Speech API used for voice output.

# *Installation*
To run this project, you need to have Python installed on your system. Then, you can install the required libraries using pip:
pip install pyttsx3
pip install deep-translator
pip install SpeechRecognition
pip install gTTS
pip install pygame

# *Acknowledgements*
Deep Translator
Pyttsx3 Documentation
gTTS Documentation
Pygame Documentation
